

Over the 12 weeks of Think Again, you will learn how to analyze and evaluate arguments and how to avoid common mistakes in reasoning. These important skills will be useful in deciding what to believe and what to do in all areas of your life. We will also have plenty of fun.

Here is some information to help you get started:

LECTURES: Each week of this course will contain a series of short lectures along with exercises after each lecture. The weekly topics are described in the Syllabus on the course website. The lectures can be accessed by clicking on the words "Video Lectures" on the left side of the course home page. 

EXERCISES: The exercises can be accessed in two ways: either by clicking on the word "Exercises" on the left side of the home page or by clicking on the page-and-pencil icon to the right of each lecture name on the Lectures page. The point of these exercises is only to make sure that you understand the material in the corresponding lecture. They are not intended to be difficult. If you miss too many of these exercises, and if you do not understand the explanations of the answers that we provide, then it might be a good idea to listen again to the relevant lecture before proceeding to the next lecture. All of these exercises are ungraded and optional, but we hope that they will be helpful to you. If you have trouble with the exercises, you should post your questions on the discussion forums. In the previous run of the course, many students were extremely good at explaining the exercises to other students.

QUIZZES: There will also be a quiz at the end of each of the four units of the course. (The first unit includes weeks 1-3; the second unit includes weeks 4-6; the third unit includes weeks 7-9; and the final unit includes weeks 10-12.) The quizzes will appear later in "Quizzes" on the left side of the home page, but that page will remain empty until the first quiz is opened in Week 3. You may try up to four versions of each quiz, and only the best grade counts. We will provide explanations of all of the answers in each quiz so that you can check those explanations before trying another quiz. 

WORKLOAD: You should expect to spend roughly 2 hours per week watching the lectures, another 2 hours per week doing the exercises, and about 1 hour on each quiz. 

FORUMS: The best way to learn about arguments is to practice constructing your own arguments and analyzing arguments given by other people, especially people with whom you disagree. We provide opportunities for such exchanges in the discussion forums for each week, which are also places to find answers to your questions, new examples, and stimulating discussions of various issues with fellow students from around the world. Special Discussion Forums can also be used to set up study groups, give feedback on course material, seek help with technical difficulties, and tell us and other students about yourself. Please be polite when using these forums. You will be able to vote up or down posts in these forums so that the most useful posts will rise to the top and be seen first. Later in the course, you will be asked to submit and evaluate your own arguments using the forum page.

TAs: You can also learn from our wonderful Community TAs. The Community TAs for this course are a group of extremely talented people who did well in this course when it was offered last year and have generously agreed to help us with the course during this offering. They will monitor and comment in the forums. More information about the Community TAs is available on the course website.

TEXTBOOK: We suggest that you obtain and read the recommended textbook: Understanding Arguments, Eighth Edition, by Walter Sinnott-Armstrong and Robert Fogelin. This textbook is not required in order to take the course, but it will probably help you by providing more examples, exercises, and explanations. Each week of the course corresponds to a chapter or two in the textbook. You can buy a paperback or electronic copy here, if you like: http://www.chegg.com/textbooks/cengage-advantage-books-understanding-arguments-8th-edition-9780495603955-0495603953?trackid=dea4a246&ii=1&om_ss=1.

STATEMENTS OF ACCOMPLISHMENT: Students who achieve an average of 70 or more on the four quizzes will receive a signed statement of accomplishment, and students who achieve an average of 85 or more on the four quizzes will receive a signed statement of accomplishment with distinction. If you would like to be able to get a verified Statement of Accomplishment for this course, then you need the option to enroll in the "Signature Track" option. Enrolling in Signature Track provides Coursera with information that will allow them to verify your performance on quizzes and exams. Some institutions require verification in order to provide you with credit for this course. There is a small charge for the Signature Track option, but financial aid is available to those who cannot afford that charge.

SPREAD THE WORD: You will get more out of this course if you share the adventure, so we suggest that you encourage your friends, relatives, neighbors, or colleagues to take the course with you. It is not too late to join the course. Indeed, people can join at any time before the course ends, because all materials will remain accessible from the time that they are put up until at least two weeks after the final lectures appear.

We will write you again each week, as new material becomes available. We are looking forward to the course, and we hope you are, too.
